# FirefoxPolicies.ds.recipe

            _Last updated 2021-12-23 19:58:07Z_

            - **Description**: Downloads latest version of Firefox, adds policies to the app bundle (policies.json), packages it, 
and then copies the package to a local path of your choosing.

This recipe requires:
- Firefox 60/60esr or later;
- A 'distribution' directory in the same directory as the recipe (usually RecipeOverrides) containing your policies.json file;
- The core Autopkg recipes; and
- neilmartin83-recipes.

Note that more recent versions of Firefox support configuration profiles, so you should consider that solution first.
This recipe is no longer supported for that reason.

Input keys:
- ORG_NAME is inserted into the pkg name to distinguish a vanilla "Firefox-60.0.pkg" from "Firefox_ORG_NAME-60.0.pkg".
- PKG_ID (optional) allows you to differentiate your org's "flavour" of Firefox from the default. Reverse domain order is common.
- DS_PKGS_PATH is the destination path for the copy. A trailing slash is not required/desired.
  The path does not need to be on the same volume as the cache, as the pkg is being duplicated.
- DS_NAME is what the final package will be called, regardless of what was generated by the parent recipe.
  It defaults to %NAME% (just the app name); use %NAME%_%ORG_NAME% if you like the customized name from the parent recipe
  but don't want the version number.


            - **Identifier**: `com.github.jazzace.ds.FirefoxPolicies`

            - **Parent Recipes**: `com.github.neilmartin83.pkg.FirefoxPolicies`